Prince Radadiya, a marketing manager

Prince is 32 years old, and he is marketing manager at AZURO DIGITAL in Ottawa city. His Income is $80,000 per year. Prince is working as a marketing manager since more than 6 years, and he has bachelor's degree in communications. He is attending meetings, and he has multiple projects every day at his demanding job. He needs to be efficient and well in order to meet his work duties.
Prince is good with technology and utilizes his smartphone for a different purpose, including work and exercise. He enjoys using apps that keep him organized and provide quick, productive workouts. His biggest struggle is finding the time to balance his personal and professional responsibilities.
Evernote thinks that platform will help users like Prince because saves a lot of time to manage tasks, organize projects, and keep track of objectives. This kind of Software helps to Prince stay organized and productive in his hectic life by allowing him to keep all his ideas, schedules, and notes in one location.


Isha Savaliya,  AI & ML Teacher 
 
Isha Savaliya 36 year old AI & ML teacher from Ahmedabad, she has a master degree in computer science with a specialization in AI and ML. She has been a professor at a university for the last six years, during that time she has done research and worked with other experts. Her main objectives are to stay to update on the most recent research in AI and ML. Her aims are to create it simple for herself and improve her course material on a regular basis by organizing the way she prepares for lectures. She also has a strong dedication to maintaining these things with advances in AI and ML. Her time management is made more difficult by managing her demanding teaching duties with current research projects. 
Isha considers Evernote as a valuable aid, offering features like notetaking, teamwork and task organization to streamline lecture planning, research, and communication with colleagues. Evernote works so well with her life too, allowing Isha to keep up with the latest advancements in AI and ML without problems and she is saving her time and doing quality work with the help of this tool.
